The theme for this year’s Game Off is MOONSHOT. 

moonshot – noun

an extremely ambitious and innovative project
the act of launching a spacecraft to the moon
a hit or thrown ball that travels a great distance with a high trajectory

moonshot thinking – noun

a type of thinking that aims to achieve something that is generally believed to be impossible. It encourages “anything is possible” dialogues around how to solve the challenge.

2d platformer / shooter where your gun is charged and usable only in moonlight
  Probably somewhat puzzle-y, rather than a real run-and-gun
  I'd get to draw a whole lot of dark scary moonlit pixel art for this one
  Maybe it's old-timey and it's a crossbow instead of a gun
    This might not make sense because typically crossbows do not have batteries
  Maybe you have to shoot werewolves
  Maybe NES Jekyll and Hyde but good! Daytime sections of avoiding danger and interacting with the locals, nighttime sections of being sneaky and charging your gun and winning

Spaceship sim to do complicated tasks to make your way to a planet
  Roguelike? Different generated missions with varying difficulties?
  Again a lot of interesting pixel art to be done here
  I'm picturing something similar to a first-person, with static camera positions, Among Us
    You can move from the Cockpit to the Reactor Room to wherever, solving various problems
    I'd want to make the actual problem-solving fun and engaging, possibly relying on accumulated player knowledge of the proper procedures (Papers, Please)
    This would make it harder to do as a roguelike but maybe not impossible, something like Flinthook where you can ramp up your difficulty
    Oooooh mama i can see this getting scope-y, maybe not roguelike after all

I think both of these ideas have potential, could be entertaining gameplay loops in both, and both would be fairly fun to program and design.

Continue on from where Thrive left off
  The moonshot in this case would be finding the components necessary to restart the water treatment plant or whatever
  Hard to tie this to the theme properly I think
Dating sim where you're a werewolf ("shoot your shot")
  I don't actually play many dating sims so this one might be tricky
  This seems like more of a test of my art / writing skills than my gamedev skills
  The idea is interesting though and maybe some other time
2d platformer where you're a werewolf
  I feel like most of the qualities that werewolves have make them definitively better than humans at platformer / shooter / beat-em-up / video-games-in-general tasks
"Moon's hot"? Is there anything there?
  Geothermal (lunathermal?) energy on the moon, find a way to get it out of the moon and down to Earth
  Doesn't matter if it's real or not
  Could consist of scouting for good drilling sites, installing infrastructure, building stuff ...
  Is this fun? This sounds like simcity but without the people
Surely there's a sports game that I wouldn't mind making
  The main "moonshot" thing that jumps to mind is like a once-in-a-lifetime impossible shot / goal / something
  Necessarily a very short time to prepare and execute whatever gameplay I come up with
  Might make the game really, really short
What genres haven't I hit yet
  Puzzle game
  Racing game
    


